In this video we're going to install the atom text editor on urban to Linux.
We'll start by going to the atom website in a browser and clicking on the link to download the dot Deb
file.
Once we saved this file we're going to install it from the command line.
So we'll open a terminal window and there's the file We've downloaded to install type pseudo D package
minus I for install.
And then the name of the file when I run this it will prompt me for my password.
And when I enter it the installation process begins.
There aren't any installation options so the installation process will run until it is installed.
Once installed we can run the editor by clicking on the icon.
And this is what the editor looks like.
First we're going to make a change to the configuration so we'll go to the edit menu select the preferences
option.
And in here select packages and were going to look far for the art of complete plus package will click
on the settings button here and were going to gone check the box that says show suggestions on keystroke
will re-enable this later to see how it can help us code.
Finally we're going to open the folder that we created earlier for our code so we'll click on view and
make sure treeview is visible and we're going to open the folder.
I created it in the documents folder and called it w w w.
And then we can close all these windows that have been opened.
And now we're ready to start coding with p s p.